---
layout: post
title:  "Running"
categories: blog
---

I have run more in the last 6 months, than I have total in my life before.

This isn't post on weight loss (*I haven't lost any from running*), dieting (*I'm not consciously eating any different*), or running for any reason except for running (*This about running, for the sake of running*). I don't usually write posts on the topic of fitness, but I am hoping that of the people who read this, at least one person will get up and run 1 mile, then 3, then 5, and then more and more.

### I #$%@ing Hate Running

When I started running in Fall 2014, I could barely run a mile without having to stop. I $%*$ing hated running. I swore it off and never did it again. My knees hurt, I cramped everywhere, and it was just unpleasant.

Two weeks later, I ran again - same route, same run. "Oh, this is easier than last time!". My knees still hurt and I still cramped, but what the heck - it was less unpleasant

So then the next week, I did it again. It was even easier than before! Then a few times more for weeks after that. I noticed that, every time I went out to do that run - I made it further each time without needing to stop.

About a month later, some friends convinced me to volunteer for a race, so I did. My god was it the hilliest 5k you could ask for. The whole darn thing was a hill. No one told me this. My only goal for this - don't walk. By the end of it, I was huffing and puffing and about to pass out, but I didn't walk.

### Hmmm... Maybe There's Something Here

Two weeks after that 5k, was another 5k. So I kept doing it. I kept running with my friends - morning runs, afternoon runs, night runs. I've run in it all - hot, cold, monsoon-like rain, day, night, pitch black. Done it all.

I had been using Kinesiology tape to support my knees this whole time - at one point, I went through many rolls. It wasn't until a few months in that I skipped using it on a run because it was inconvenient that day - and my knees stopped hurting. *This was great.* It wouldn't be until later that I realized I had stopped using it, and forgot that my knees used to hurt.

Whatever it was, I kept running. If my friends asked me to run, I would go run. I eventually adopted a 'yes' policy. If someone asks me to go on a run, I will go on a run.

Sometimes during late Fall, I went to run around Lake Union - double the distance I would usually run. There were some stops and some walks, but I made it around without collapsing - this was a major mental achievement. At this point - this was the furthest I've run in a single day.

### Okay, I Guess Running is Alright

I kept running, only slowing down during the holidays. My friends would sign me up for races in 2015 and I would just go with it. So I ran more. Now there's an 8k, a 10k, an olympic triathlon, and soon a half marathon in the books - All for 2015. In any time before this - I would have thought this is insane. Heck - it took some peer pressuring to even agree to do the triathlon.

### Double Digits

The last 8 days, I have run more than any other stretch of time in my life. 30 miles. Today I completed a 10 mile run. This feels amazing. My legs are sore, my knees hurt, and I'm exhausted - *but it feels amazing*. *10 miles*, that's 3 away from a half marathon. *Only 3*.

### Wow

6 months ago, I could barely run a mile. Today I ran 10. Little subconscious things on the way - from saying out loud after the regular run "that was a short run", to knowing 6-7 miles is doable, and now to running 10 miles. Double digits.

*The human body is amazing.*

I have myself and my friends to thank for this - Justin, Martha, Jan Rey, Monica, Mary, and Scott. You should read [Martha's Blog](http://marthaintraining.weebly.com) for some inspirational stuff as she trains for a Marathon!

**I would love to hear about your running stories, leave them in the comments section below!**
